Update landing pages (#260)
canonical/observability-stack: docs/explanation/architecture/index.md

Information about COS architecture, deployment topology, the Juju model
layout, and the different stack variants available.

## Design philosophy

> The guiding principles and trade-offs behind the COS architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guiding principles and goals behind the COS architecture.
```
To be more precise - the included doc is more about establishing goals/non-goals

```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1

Design Goals <design-goals>
```

## Topology & models

> How COS organises charms, relations, and models within the Juju ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How COS organizes charms, relations, and models within the Juju ecosystem.
```
For American English (I confirmed that's the dialect specified in your spellcheck - AMER English is the default for Canonical communications)
